single_choice	Which of the following cities is the capital of France?	Paris;London;Stockholm;Moscow	1
single_choice	Which of the following cities is the capital of England?	Paris;London;Stockholm;Moscow	2
single_choice	Which of the following cities is the capital of Sweden?	Paris;London;Stockholm;Moscow	3
single_choice	Which of the following cities is the capital of Russia?	Paris;London;Stockholm;Moscow	4
single_choice	Which of the following cities is the capital of America?	Washington;Roma;Madrid;Oslo	1
single_choice	Which of the following cities is the capital of Italy?	Washington;Roma;Madrid;Oslo	2
single_choice	Which of the following cities is the capital of Spain?	Washington;Roma;Madrid;Oslo	3
single_choice	Which of the following cities is the capital of Norway?	Washington;Roma;Madrid;Oslo	4
single_choice	Which of the following cities is the capital of Germany?	Berlin;Wien;Lisboa;Amsterdam	1
single_choice	Which of the following cities is the capital of Austria?	Berlin;Wien;Lisboa;Amsterdam	2
single_choice	Which of the following cities is the capital of Portugal?	Berlin;Wien;Lisboa;Amsterdam	3
single_choice	Which of the following cities is the capital of Holland?	Berlin;Wien;Lisboa;Amsterdam	4
multiple_choice	Which of the following countries in Europe?	Sweden;France;Italy;Canda	1 2 3
multiple_choice	Which of the following countries in Asia?	China;Russia;Korea;Norway	1 3
multiple_choice	Which of the following countries in Africa?	South Africa;Egypt;Korea;Norway	1 2
multiple_choice	Which of the following countries in North America?	America;Russia;Mexico;Norway	1 3
multiple_choice	Which of the following countries in South America?	Brazil;Russia;Korea;Norway	1
multiple_choice	Which of the following countries in Oceania?	Australia;Russia;Korea;New Zealand	1 4
multiple_choice	Which of the following cities in Europe?	Stockholm;Paris;Washington;Hong Kong	1 2
multiple_choice	Which of the following cities in Asia?	Beijing;Paris;Washington;Hong Kong	1 4
multiple_choice	Which of the following cities in Africa?	Cario;Cape Town;Washington;Hong Kong	1 2
multiple_choice	Which of the following cities in North America?	New York;Seattle;Toronto;Port-au-Prince;Beijing	1 2 3 4
multiple_choice	Which of the following cities in South America?	Rio de Janeiro;Santiago;Washington;Beijing	1 2
multiple_choice	Which of the following cities in Oceania?	Sydney;Auckland;Melbourne;Brisbane	1 2 3 4
numeric	How long is Nile river which is the longest in the world?(km)	6670
numeric	How high is Qomolangma which is the highest in the world?(m)	8844
numeric	How many countries and regions are there in the world?	230
numeric	How many countries and regions are there in Europe?	45
numeric	How many countries and regions are there in Asia?	49
numeric	How many countries and regions are there in North America?	28
numeric	How many countries and regions are there in South America?	13
numeric	How many countries and regions are there in Africa?	56
numeric	How many countries and regions are there in Oceania?	30
city_tour1	The Tokyo Skytree is the tallest building in Japan, how tall is it?	634 meters (2080 feet);645 meters (2116 feet);673 meters (2208 feet);643 meters (2109 feet)	1
city_tour1	The Tokyo Skytree is the second tallest structure in the world, which structure is the tallest?	The Canton Tower;The Eiffel Tower;The Empire State Building;Burj Khalifa	4
city_tour1	The Tokyo Skytress opened to the Public in May 2012, but when was the structure finished?	February 2010;February 2012;February 2011;February 2009	2
city_tour2	What type of temple is Sensõ-ji?	A Hindu Temple;A Muslim Temple;A Buddhist Temple;A Christian Temple	3
city_tour2	The Sensõ-ji temple is know for a very specific attribute, which one?	It's the biggest temple in the world;The Temple was once a famous restaurant;It's where all the Japanese emperors are buried;It's the oldest temple in Tokyo	1
city_tour2	During the World War II the temple was destroyed by bombings. It was later rebuilt and is now a symbol of?	Love & Compassion;Bravery & Patience;Rebirth & Peace;Strength & Courage	3
city_tour3	How many themes does Tokyo Disneyland have?	10;9;7;8	3
city_tour3	How many visitors did Tokyo Disneyland have in 2013?	18.2 million;17.2 million;12.4 million;20.2 million	2
city_tour3	It is the second most visited theme park in the world, which one is the most visited one?	Walt Disney World Resort, Florida;Disneyland, Paris;Disneyland, Hong Kong;Disneyland Park, Anaheim	1
